My name is Laura.
I’ve served at Bethel for eight years.
I’m from a village called Dinnington,
and I have a twin sister.
And we were very shy.
I mean, really;
I can’t stress how shy we were.
Neither of us dared speak to anyone.
My nana was
a really big spiritual influence in my life.
She got really ill,
and she knew she was going to die,
and she said:
“‘Taste and see that Jehovah is good.’
“Please promise me you will try
to put everything into serving Jehovah.”
That affected me a lot.
I thought:
‘This is it. This is my chance.’
So I went out every Saturday
from that moment on,
and I got baptized as soon as I could.
I still couldn’t answer at the meetings
because I was too shy.
I still struggled to speak
to people in the congregation.
But in the ministry, I was fine.
After pioneering five years, I got married.
We were going to try our best
to do full-time ministry
for the rest of our lives.
I really do love Bethel.
I think there’s a real link
between a good ministry
and happiness at Bethel.
So if you love the ministry,
then Bethel is an excellent place.
For the full eight years,
I’ve been in the laundry.
It’s a small team
—there are only 40.
I got to know everyone so well.
I felt so integrated very quickly.
They helped me to feel
like I was part of a family.
Knowing every day
that here at Bethel
all our time and energy
goes to serving Jehovah is so satisfying.
You feel happy at the end of every day,
even if you’re tired mentally or physically.
You’ve done everything you can for Jehovah,
and you can’t beat it, really.